Give short and concise answer for all the bellow listed questions :
1.What is the LIKE operator in SQL, and provide a use case with a simple example?
The LIKE operator in SQL is used for pattern matching through simple text patterns. This operator is often used in 
a WHERE clause to search for a specified pattern in a column.
//Starts with and and with a char 
SELECT * FROM tableName WHERE column1 LIKE 'abc%abc'

2.What is an Aggregate Function in SQL, and provide a use case with a simple example?
Aggregate functions perform a calculation on a set of values and return a single value. They are used 
extensively in SQL to summarize data.
Example: To count the number of employees: 
SELECT COUNT(employee_id) FROM employees;

3.What is a String Function in SQL, and provide a use case with a simple example?
String functions in SQL are built-in functions that perform operations on string data types. These functions can 
manipulate character strings, perform operations based on the content of a string, convert formats, and much more.
Example: Combine first and last names: 
SELECT CONCAT(first_name, ' ', last_name) FROM employees;

4.What is a Numeric Function in SQL, and provide a use case with a simple example?
Numeric functions in SQL are built-in functions designed to perform operations on numeric data types. These 
functions can execute mathematical calculations, format numbers, and perform various other operations related 
to numerical data in SQL queries.
Example: Calculate the square and square root of a number:
 SELECT POWER(value, 2), SQRT(value) FROM numbers;

5.What is a Date Function in SQL, and provide a use case with a simple example?
Date functions in SQL are built-in functions that allow you to manipulate and extract information from date and 
time values. These functions are crucial for performing operations such as calculating differences between dates, 
formatting dates into a specific style, extracting parts of a date (like the day, month, or year), and much more
SELECT DATE_ADD('2023-09-09', INTERVAL 1 DAY) AS added_date; 
-- Result: '2023-09-10'

6.Explain the difference between System Defined and User Defined Functions.
ystem Defined Functions:
System-defined functions are built-in functions provided by the SQL database management system (DBMS).
These functions are pre-defined and cover a wide range of functionalities, including string manipulation, 
numeric calculations, date and time operations, and more.
Functions provided by the SQL database management system, such as NOW(), UPPER(), SUM(), etc.
User Defined Functions :
User-defined functions are functions that you can create in the database according to your specific requirements.
UDFs allow encapsulating complex operations into a single function that can then be reused in multiple SQL queries,
 enhancing modularity, readability, and maintainability of the database and its associated applications.

7.What is CASE in SQL, and provide a use case with a simple example?
The CASE expression goes through conditions and returns a value when the first condition is met 
(like an if-then-else statement). So, once a condition is true, it will stop reading and return the result. 
If no conditions are true, it returns the value in the ELSE clause.
If there is no ELSE part and no conditions are true, it returns NULL.
SELECT name,
    CASE
        WHEN age < 18 THEN 'Minor'
        WHEN age >= 18 AND age < 65 THEN 'Adult'
        ELSE 'Senior'
    END AS age_group
FROM users;