Give short and concise answer for all the bellow listed questions :
1.What are subqueries in SQL, and what is their importance?
Ans. Subqueries in SQL are queries nested within another query,
used to retrieve data that will be used by the main query. Their importance lies in their ability to simplify complex queries, improve readability,
and perform operations that would otherwise be difficult or impossible.

2.What are Views in an SQL Database, and what is the importance of a View in a Database?
Ans.Views in an SQL Database are virtual tables that are based on the result
set of a SELECT query. The importance of a view in a database lies in its ability
to provide a layer of abstraction, simplify complex queries, and enhance security
by restricting access to underlying data.


3.What is a Common Table Expression (CTE) in SQL?
Ans A Common Table Expression (CTE) in SQL is a temporary result set that can be 
referenced within the scope of a SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statement.
It's defined using the WITH clause and is commonly used to simplify complex queries,
enhance readability, and improve performance.


4.What is the "WITH" Clause in SQL?
Ans.The "WITH" clause in SQL is used to define Common Table Expressions (CTEs).
It allows you to create named temporary result sets that can be referenced within
the main query.

5.What is the difference between Tables and Views in SQL?
Ans.Tables in SQL store data in a structured format, while views are virtual tables
based on the result set of a SELECT query. Views do not store data themselves but
provide a way to present data from one or more tables in a customized manner.

6.What is the Difference between CTE and Views in SQL?
Ans.The main difference between CTEs and Views in SQL is that CTEs are temporary
 result sets that exist only for the duration of the query execution, while views
  are stored definitions of queries that can be referenced repeatedly.


7.How do you create a view, and how do you use it? Provide a practical example with
 a query.
Ans To create a view in SQL, you use the CREATE VIEW statement followed by a name for
 the view and the SELECT query defining its result set.
  Here's an example:
    CREATE VIEW EmployeeNames AS
    SELECT FirstName, LastName
    FROM Employees;
    
8.How do you create a CTE in SQL? Provide a practical example with a query.
Ans To create a CTE in SQL, you use the WITH clause followed by a name for the CTE and the SELECT query defining its result set.
 Here's an example:
 WITH Sales_CTE AS (
    SELECT ProductID, SUM(Quantity) AS TotalQuantity
    FROM Sales
    GROUP BY ProductID
)
SELECT * FROM Sales_CTE;